Implement an iOS platform certificate verifier. (#2638)
envoyproxy/envoy-mobile: docs/root/intro/version_history.rst

Features:

> - java/switf: add option to support platform provided certificates validation interfaces on iOS. (:issue `#2144 <2144>`)
> - kotlin/c++: add option to support platform provided certificates validation interfaces on Android. (:issue `#2144 <2144>`)

Reviewer: Let's combine these?

```suggestion
- api: add option to support platform provided certificates validation interfaces on iOS and Android. (:issue `#2144 <2144>`)
```
